1.	In simplicity, what this mean is that, when a variable is declared by the use of the let key, and in the event when there has to be a change in the value, this change in the value can be effected by reassigning the variable to a new value.
The let keyword is used to declare variables that are blocked-scoped. Also, variables declared by the let keyword can be used to reassign to a new value which of course allows variables for alteration. 

The const keyword is also used to declare variables that are blocked-scoped but this time around, with an additional quality; the values of const variables are immutable. What this also mean is that, when the const key is used to declare a variable, it cannot be reassigned to a new value. However, even though variables declared by the const key cannot be reassigned to a new value, they can be redeclared.

In addition, the distinction that resides between let and const keywords from the var keyword are quiet are enormous. Below are just a few out of the many;

a. Reassignment: Variables declared by the let and var keywords can be reassigned to new values unlike variables declared by const.

b. Redeclaration: Variables declared by const can be redeclared within the same scope without errors whereas variables declared by var and let cannot be redeclared within the same scope. 

c. Scope: Variables declared with the let and const keywords are blocked-scoped of which means that, they are restricted in scope to the block (i.e a set of curly braces or brackets). On the other hand, variables declared by var are globally or function scoped and this is dependent on where they are defined. 


2.	You can use a variable after it has been defined by referencing its name to a cold. Nonetheless, the usage of a variable depends in a context and what you want to do with it. Below are some few instances of how to use a variable after it has been defined;

a.	Performing operations with variables.

b.	Using variables in control flow structures.

c.	Assigning a value to a variable.


3.	A string is declared by the use of single quotes (‘ ‘) and double quotes (“ “).

4.	Yes, strings can be created by using both the single and double quotes. The reason is, both options are functionally equivalent for declaring strings and these are also standard practices.

.
5.	9 with quotes is a string literal whereas 9 without quote is a numeric literal.

6.	The differences are as follows;

-	Declaration is the act of introducing a variable into a program.
-	Redeclaration is when we declare a variable with the same name again within the same scope.
-	Assignment is the act of assigning a value to a variable that has already been declared.
-	Reassignment is when you assign a new value to a variable that already holds a value.
